				
					Connections of Robotic Car
 
	First assemble all the components on the car chases board then insert the Motor driver L298N
	in middle of the car dc motors and connection with motor driver joint of the motor 1 left wire
	to the motor 2 right Wire then connect it to motor driver   OUT 1 and then joint motor 1 right
	wire to the motor 2 left and connect it to motor driver OUT 2, then joint motor 3 left wire to 
	the motor 4 right and connect it to the motor driver OUT 3 and joint motor 3 right wire to the
	motor 4 left and connect it to motor driver OUT 4 then connect ENA to the Arduino pin 3,ENB to pin 9,
	IN 1 to pin 5,IN 2 to pin 6,IN 3 to pin 7,IN 4 to pin 8, then servo connect to the Arduino pin 10.
	After connecting these pins with Arduino upload the code in Arduino given in folder
	(Robotic Car FYP 2025 Code of Mobile Control Car and Camera Warless Connection)
	the file name is (sketch_dec19a) after it install the apk file giver in the folder 
	(Application Used for Mobile to Control the Car) on mobile then setting (F) for Forward,
	(B) for Backward, (R) For Right, (L) For Left, (V) for move servo at 180 degrees right and
	(W) for 0 degrees left, the connection of the mobile and car is done now we can control the
	car with mobile very easily the range of this wireless communication is 30 meters max.
	The Speed of the car is also controlled with adjusting the speed values in code of Arduino ENA and ENB points. 
	The maximum speed of the car is 200 and minimum speed of the car is 50.

						Battery Connection

	Battery is using of lithium 3 sells in parallel connection for getting output 12V DC. 
	We direct supply it to motor driver L298N VCC 12V point and ground is common. 
	The motor driver L298N adjust the power for DC motors according to the code and it also convert 
	this 12V to 5V DC and we use this 5V for power up our Arduino board and other components using 5V.
					
					Connection of ESP32 with Arduino

	Connect the vcc 5V pin of Arduino to the vcc pin of esp32 and ground of Arduino to ground of esp32,
	then connect the second last point of right side pin of esp32 to (tx) and 3rd last at the (rx) pin then sketch
	The code in Arduino given in the folder (Robotic Car FYP 2025 Code of Mobile Control Car and Camera Wireless Connection)
	and code name is (CameraWebServer) then after sketch we get the ip address like this (http://192.168.204.10:81/stream)
	and past it to the code of visuals codes studio for real time wireless transmition. The code is given in the folder
	(Car Project FYP 2025 Code and Working of Face Detection Wirelessly) for face detection have two type of
	tasks first can take facial and names data for recognition process it takes 100 photos for comparison and also
	recognition process and save it into the two type of files (names) and (faces_data).
	And the main file (from sklearn) is using for real time face detection code it can detect face and also save data of
	detection into the world file and also names data and time also include of detection it can also record the video footage of detection.
